[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome to this
edition of "Beyond Belief."
Maureen Hancock is with
us, a world renowned spirit
medium, healer, and author
of "The Medium Next Door."
She has helped people
connect with loved ones who
have passed on, and
that, my friend,
is a great tribute to you.
>>MAUREEN HANCOCK:
Thank you so much,
and thank you for having me.
I'm so excited.
>>NOORY: How are you?
>>HANCOCK: I'm doing great.
How about yourself?
>>NOORY: Good.
How did you become a medium?
>>HANCOCK: So as a child,
I had lead paint poisoning,
back in the day, when
everything was lead paint-based.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>HANCOCK: I chewed
on the windowsills.
One of nine family in Boston.
>>NOORY: What were you doing
chewing on windowsills?
>>HANCOCK: Oh.
So, nine kids--
>>NOORY: Not very appetizing?
>>HANCOCK: No.
And they did taste
like Necco Wafers,
though, so very
sugary, honest to God.
But I ate enough lead to
kill five male adults.
I was in Children's
Hospital in Boston.
For three years,
I was in a coma.
>>NOORY: Three years?
>>HANCOCK: Three years.
I would get to come
home here and there,
and I had acute brain
encephalitis, shunts.
And they created the
process of chelation
with me to remove heavy metals--
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>HANCOCK: --from your body.
And after that, I
started to see spirits
walking around the house
as a five-year-old.
I'm Irish.
We had a lot of parties.
I thought they were
drunken house guests.
But no, they were spirits.
And then, I was in a
car accident in 1992.
I broke every bone in my face.
>>NOORY: Were you
driving, a passenger?
>>HANCOCK: I was driving,
and I fell asleep.
Like one of these-- your eyes
get heavy, and I hit a tree.
And I felt my grandmother's
presence go through me.
She just passed away.
And her voice came
out of my mouth.
Oh, Maureen.
I'll never forget it.
And I had a miraculous recovery.
I literally broke everything,
from fractured skull,
cheeks, nose.
>>NOORY: No airbags?
>>HANCOCK: No air
bags back in the day.
>>NOORY: That's what happened.
>>HANCOCK: Exactly.
>>NOORY: And they
brought the jaws of life.
I was outside of the car.
I don't remember how I got out,
but I credit my grandmother.
And then I started to
hear voices after that.
>>NOORY: Did this become more
and more prevalent for you,
the mediumship?
>>HANCOCK: The mediumship,
I blocked at first
because it was just
so overwhelming.
And I'm a very anxious person.
>>NOORY: Did it scare you?
>>HANCOCK: It's scared me.
And so what I did to help
soften it is bring comedy in.
I was a stand up
comedian in Boston.
I was litigation manager.
>>NOORY: You still are.
>>HANCOCK: And I still am.
>>NOORY: I'll have you
do a skit for us later.
>>HANCOCK: All
right, I'll do that.
And I do a nice Irish
jig, too, George.
You're going to love it.
>>NOORY: How about that?
>>HANCOCK: I worked
at Logan Airport,
and then 9/11 happened.
So my whole life changed.
And I quit my job.
I started a cancer
foundation, doing
all kinds of holistic healing,
and became dubbed the comedian
medium.
So a little bit of humor, but
I definitely get serious, too.
>>NOORY: How do you
help people pass on?
>>HANCOCK: So then I started
working in various hospices.
So my mom was on the board of
directors of a local hospice
outside of Boston.
And I said, do you think I can
help people with meditation,
laying my hands on them, helping
them to know that death doesn't
have to be so scary?
And so, she let me
start doing that.
And then, I formed my
own spiritual hospice.
And now, I mostly
work with children.
What I do is I go in, and
if they're open to it,
talk about death and dying, and
create a celebration of life.
Because so many
families are torn apart
during and after the death.
>>NOORY: Of course,
and that's natural.
>>HANCOCK: Natural.
But I feel like if I can help
them to create some signs after
the loved one is going to pass,
I have kids say to me-- oh,
they're the bravest--
what's heaven going
to be like, Maureen?
And I talk to them.
>>NOORY: Or hell?
>>HANCOCK: Well, these
are children, George,
so I'm going to go
right, keep it heavenly.
But you're right,
with adults, they
might confess or talk about
what's it going to be like.
And I say, there's
different layers,
depending on how
you lived your life.
And we'll talk about it, and
we'll go deep if they want to.
We'll do lighter fare,
and I'll do meditation.
I teach the family how to
lay their hands on them.
Because when somebody is
getting ready to come out
of the physical body,
sometimes, that can be painful.
And I want to help them
to understand how they can
help their loved one release.
>>NOORY: Do you
deal with those who
are about to die to try
to teach them how to come
back and connect with us?
>>HANCOCK: Yes.
Quite often, they'll say
to me, I'm so afraid,
and I'm afraid it's going
to be lights out darkness.
How do I let them know that
I'm OK when I get there?
And so, I teach them how
to lower their vibration
because when we come out
of the physical body,
the vibration is so high.
It's like, hoo.
And I tell them, you need
to lower your vibration.
And the loved one here has
to raise their vibration.
So I'll sit with the
person about to pass,
the family member
that wants to connect.
And then they might
talk about, OK, I'm
going to come as something
like a bird or lighter fare
because they don't
turn into the bird.
>>NOORY: Or an owl.
>>HANCOCK: Yeah, or an owl or
a bumblebee or a dragonfly.
But they can use
their energy to make
it appear, the same way they
can make a dog see them, right?
A dog will be like, oh, my god,
that's my loved one-- or a cat.
>>NOORY: I want to come
back as a scorpion.
>>HANCOCK: You do?
>>NOORY: Yes.
Just to snap you, bite you.
>>HANCOCK: Just to snap people.
Good for you, right?
>>NOORY: What do people say?
What do they want
to come back as?
>>HANCOCK: A lot
of people say they
want to use things of nature.
So when my dad
passed, he's like, OK,
I'm going to use the
symbol of a cardinal.
When my mom passed,
she didn't say
that she wanted to come as an
oriole, as a symbol, the bird.
So I pull into my
driveway, and I look up,
and there's an oriole,
the orange and black bird.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
So, me, I'm like, mom, hi.
Are you OK?
Everything good?
You made it?
>>NOORY: It's amazing
how those symbols work.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
And let me tell you
real quick, my mom--
I had surgery last year.
They said I had uterine cancer.
I don't.
>>NOORY: Thank God.
>>HANCOCK: But I was praying--
yes, I was praying to
my mom-- give me a sign.
My mom's name is Grace Agnes.
I go into the
package store that's
what we call it
in Boston a packy.
And my mom says get
two bottles of wine
for a grief retreat I was
teaching at a Fufu place.
Two bottles of wine, a bottle
of Grace, and a bottle of Agnes
right there in front of my face.
So I said to the clerk,
like, this is my mother.
But then I found out
that I didn't have it,
and the biopsy was negative.
But how great is that, George,
that my mother showed up
with her name?
And I knew she was with me.
>>NOORY: That's amazing
>>HANCOCK: And now I have
dreams every day of my mom.
>>NOORY: What are
Postcards from Heaven?
>>HANCOCK: So
Postcards from Heaven
is the name of my live event.
So I present to hundreds
of people during the week
and on the weekends at theaters
and hotels and whatnot.
And it's called
Postcards from Heaven
because I stop at
different folks
and say, this woman right
here in the third row,
your mother, Barbara, is here.
She was 62.
She had a heart attack.
You're one of five.
You don't talk to your brother
in Florida, things like that.
So I read a lot of
people in a live event.
Unlike a lot of mediums, I
am the Walmart of mediums.
So I'm the greeter, and I'm
giving them out like postcards.
>>NOORY: Let's look
at some highlights,
Maureen, from your events.
>>HANCOCK: Your son, I just
heard, I passed unexpectedly,
so I got a fast feeling.
And he does try to
visit you a lot.
And he's telling
you, don't be afraid.
He's telling me that he's
much funnier and better
looking than you.
So-- no, that's not even a joke.
>> No.
>>HANCOCK: No.
Correct, right?
>> Correct.
>>HANCOCK: Because
he's telling me,
he knows how to
ride a motorcycle.
He's not an idiot.
He didn't take chances.
He was like, slow, bad grandpa.
I'm not sure if it
that was you that
was trying to reach him not
too long before reaching
out or trying to connect
by the phone or something.
Does that make sense?
OK.
So I'm supposed to say
that to you because he is--
when I can't breathe,
it's really serious.
But he is like, stop
beating yourself up.
You couldn't have saved me.
I know.
But he is-- I'm not gone.
I don't feel gone.
And I do see him going
around a corner, by the way.
>> It's how it happened.
That's how he would ride.
She just had gotten her license.
He was always in front.
She was in the middle.
Papa Bear, the daughter,
and Mama Bear, and we all
rode together.
And there's just--
>>HANCOCK: Because he
knew what he was doing.
>> I'm unsettled that night.
I don't sleep at night.
Because I have the
vision of his accident.
>>HANCOCK: He's OK, though.
He's OK, though.
He's like, if you keep
going back to that,
then we can't go forward.
I also want to bring up
this table Helen or Ellen.
>> My name is Ellen.
>>HANCOCK: Ellen?
Oh, that's your daughter's name?
OK, sorry.
I'm sorry.
Ellen, he wants to
acknowledge you.
Wow.
And thanking you for
getting mom here.
This almost didn't happen.
So he's excited, right?
And your dad is
acknowledging everything
that you do for everybody.
Because you have the weight of
the world on your shoulders.
He just said, you did
everything for me.
You have to know that.
And your husband
has passed, right?
OK.
Of course, he was
there to greet him.
Of course, your mother
was there to greet him.
But they are together,
and they are OK.
And they're fishing,
or they have a boat.
Oh, my god.
So what's that about?
>> Yeah.
>>HANCOCK: They're
like, yeah, go away.
OK.
>> It was the favorite
they did together.
>>HANCOCK: The favorite
thing they did together.
>>NOORY: This gets to
be emotional, Maureen,
for a lot of people.
>>HANCOCK: It does.
>>NOORY: I noticed half
of them were crying.
>>HANCOCK: And that's why
I use the lightness because
of raising the energy.
But sometimes, I cry all the
way home because I can feel it,
and I wish I could
reach everybody
to tell them that there is
no death, that we don't die,
that this is the least vehicle,
and they're stepping out,
and to teach folks how
to be their own medium.
That's really
important for my work,
that we all have this to
see, feel, hear and sense.
But I'm trying to relight the
spiritual pilot in the world.
>>NOORY: How do you
teach the living grief?
Because it's overwhelming.
I've had three friends die
in the last five years,
all unexpected, all close.
It's tough.
>>HANCOCK: It's really hard.
And so, the first thing
I say, it's OK to grieve,
but trying not to get
stuck in that place.
Because so many do
want the validation
that they're still with us.
And it's hard to get that
if you're an overthinker,
if you are stuck in your grief--
And I always suggest a
grief counselor or somebody
that's better suited to go a
little bit deeper than I am.
And my biggest message
is, you know what, they
say that they feel younger.
They feel vibrant,
if that's the case.
And that they say
I don't feel dead.
They don't die.
>>NOORY: They're alive.
>>HANCOCK: They are
very much alive,
and it's just on
this other level.
And we won't know fully till
we get there, right, George?
But I get lots of visitations.
>>NOORY: we are in
no rush to get there.
>>HANCOCK: No rush.
Let's just--
>>NOORY: But when it
happens, it happens.
Give us an example of how
they communicate sometimes
through electronics.
I've heard so many
different stories.
Do you have one?
>>HANCOCK: Oh, I do.
So one mother who lost
her son, tragic drowning,
five years old.
I still remember his name--
Jackson.
>>NOORY: Five years old.
>>HANCOCK: And she
said to me, Maureen,
I would go by Jackson's
room, and I would say,
if you're here, make
the light bulb flash.
And it would flash.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>HANCOCK: And then I
said, you know what,
go back inside into the room
and have conversations with him.
Because they can
use electronics.
And so, she would say,
Jackson, if you're here,
I want three flashes--
boom, boom, boom.
>>NOORY: No way.
>>HANCOCK: Yes.
Yep.
And then they did a little
Morse code, I guess,
in spirit communication.
>>NOORY: One for yes, two
for no, that kind of thing?
>>HANCOCK: 100%.
And recently, I was
in Martha's Vineyard.
I don't know if you've
ever been there.
>>NOORY: Of course.
>>HANCOCK: Love it.
>>NOORY: I used to go to
Fitchburg all the time.
>>HANCOCK: I love
that, Fitchburg.
And so, I go in, and
I'm talking to my mom.
And I just play
around sometimes.
And I'm like, mom, can
you make the light flash?
So I did a video, talking to
my mother through the light.
And
>>NOORY: It was flashing?
>>HANCOCK: Oh, it was flashing.
And I said, make it go off.
Because I'm science-minded, too.
And I'm like, I need 30 seconds.
Energy cannot die
or be destroyed,
and I want to prove
this to everybody.
And so my mother went
along with it in spirit.
And I just had a dream,
and she hugged me.
And she said-- I said,
I missed talking to you.
And she goes, but
I'm right here.
>>NOORY: That is amazing.
>>HANCOCK: We're right here.
>>NOORY: Do you use
your dream state
to communicate with the dead?
>>HANCOCK: I really do.
So the strangest
thing for me, knowing
what I know, my parents, for the
last two years, my mom and dad,
are showing up every
single night in my dream.
So this is going to
sound a little wonky.
I'm at an all-inclusive
resort, George.
I swear to God.
But I feel like that's going
to be my screensaver of heaven.
We all have one.
And I love all-inclusive.
But they're showing
up, and there we are.
But my mom's giving me messages.
Some of them, my
soul is taking in.
And others, I remember when I
wake up, and I write it down.
So I always tell everybody, keep
a pad of paper next to your bed
and write things down because
you're going to forget.
But then, I ask myself, is
this real, or is that real?
So I'm writing about
that in my second book
right now, about what
is actually the reality?
This is Earth school?
But I'm still living
in the dream state.
I'm getting a lot done, too.
>>NOORY: What did the dead try
to use to communicate with us?
>>HANCOCK: So they would use--
>>NOORY: What are their tools?
>>HANCOCK: They'll use
all sorts of things.
So they'll call our name, right?
And so, if you're clairaudient,
like me, in you're hearing,
I will hear conversations
in my mind's voice.
So it doesn't come in a man's
voice, like, hey, it's Arthur.
It's more like my voice.
So they're giving me messages.
Look over your shoulder
when you're driving.
Do this.
Do that.
They're using heart-shaped
rocks on the beach.
They're using
rainbows and things
in the sky and orbs and
pictures and videos.
And you can see their faces
in photographs sometimes.
So they'll use electronics.
They're going to use
anything of nature, so a deer
or typical any type of bird.
Because they are
lighter fare, and they
can use the energy to manipulate
it to come in your path.
Coins, feathers, all
kinds of stuff like that.
And those are the typical signs.
>>NOORY: Are they jokesters?
>>HANCOCK: Some are jokesters.
So when I connect at
Postcards from Heaven,
I'll take on the personality.
And I can tell if somebody was
super quiet or shy, or private.
And then other times--
I actually sometimes take on
their voice, their mannerisms,
and that's a little
bit of channeling.
It takes a lot out
of me to do that.
But they can be jokesters,
and they hide things a lot.
>>NOORY: What's the
best way, Maureen,
to connect with our loved
ones in our dream state?
>>HANCOCK: In our
dream state, if you
think of a favorite memory
or maybe the last time
you saw them, I say
for 3 to 5 minutes.
So I want folks to think about
maybe a holiday or a vacation
you took, or maybe just
seeing them in the kitchen,
and go through it
for three minutes.
It opens a portal to the
other side, the other level,
whatever you want to call it.
And they can slip
into the dream state.
If you are preparing
yourself to open up to that
and you're saying to them,
I give you permission.
You're saying to them, I
want to communicate with you,
and I can't do it
in my daily life.
I need to do it in the dream
state because we're more open.
>>NOORY: A couple
of your clients
showed us how they communicate
with their deceased children.
It's truly remarkable.
>> Before my son passed away
in 2022 from a car accident,
I was not a very
spiritual person.
Then two months
later, my ex-wife
scheduled a session
with Maureen.
>> I tragically lost my
13-year-old daughter about 20
months ago.
>> I have to admit, I went
in acting very little.
In fact, I was a skeptic.
But I kept an open mind,
which was great because I
left that session blown away.
>> I had a reading
from Maureen Hancock,
and she told us things that
no one would ever know.
>> Maureen described my
son's personality to a T.
It was like she had known
him for a long time.
She also described the
night of the accident,
the events around it,
and the accident itself
very accurately.
>> It was just validation after
validation that she's still
here with us, currently
and presently involved
in our lives.
>> Furthermore, she described
what was going on in our lives
at that moment and things that
we had planned to do to honor
our boy at his
old middle school,
including a bench in
his honor and pavers.
And all that, of
course, she was simply
being the messenger, channeling
what he was telling her.
>> Maureen has given me the
tools to really communicate
with my daughter, which
has helped me tremendously.
>> Life continues, just
in a different dimension,
and we can continue that
relationship with our son,
even though he's in a
different dimension.
So it's been amazing.
It's been a game changer.
I can't imagine how much harder
this incredibly painful journey
would have been,
if we didn't have
that knowledge,
that faith and the
relationship that we have,
and all the signs.
>> She's given me
the tools, really,
to know that she's still with
me and know that she's not going
anywhere.
She's not dead.
She's just different.
>>NOORY: So not only
is it helping the dead,
but you help the living.
>>HANCOCK: Yes, definitely.
My sister's son passed at
19 years old tragically,
back in the day, when I
used to do private readings.
I dropped the list,
the wait list,
and I only see,
still to this day,
for free, parents who have
recently lost children
because I want to teach them how
to connect with their children.
And Mario, this gentleman,
very science-minded,
and he was a huge skeptic.
And he has a whole
new world now,
not just a non-physical
relationship with his son,
but he's open to so
many things now because
of this tragic physical
passing of his son.
And with Wendy, I taught
her how to meditate
and how to raise her vibration
so that they have full blown
conversations in her head now.
>>NOORY: What are
some of the best ways
to connect with the other side?
>>HANCOCK: The best ways to
connect are-- first of all,
you have to get your mind,
body, and soul connected.
So I teach about clean eating,
maybe doing an organic diet
and getting rid of sugar
and anything that's
going to fog your thinking
and the heavy, heavy diet
that we're used to, right?
And meditating and
getting out in nature.
So I tree bathe every day.
I go out with my dogs.
And that's how I get
ready to get on stage.
But learning how to quiet
your mind so that you
can lead with your heart
and not overthinking
is the number one tool for you.
So folks that say I
don't feel anything.
I don't get anything.
I'm like, would you be open
to learning how to meditate?
I teach them the
mindfulness meditation,
and they're eating right, and
they're getting enough sleep.
And it really-- got health.
Everything ties
together when we're
trying to be an instrument
to the other side.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
You have said that
there is no death.
What does that mean?
>>HANCOCK: So I feel that when
we leave the physical body,
this spirit body continues.
And I don't feel that we
are way up in the sky.
Or people always looking
up where are you?
Where are you?
Show me.
They tell me, I'm right here.
I'm right here.
And my own mother
is telling me that,
who was head of the God squad--
Irish Catholic.
And I do have a
lot of faith, but I
study all different religions.
And I have witnessed miracles.
And so I believe that we are
just this spirit body within,
waiting to come
out and continue.
And everything's
happening all at once.
So I don't believe there's
a past, present, or future.
I feel everything's
happening simultaneously.
And you probably heard
that many times before.
And I'm really starting to learn
that with my work with death
and dying.
>>NOORY: Law enforcement
reaches out to you now.
Why?
>>HANCOCK: So I have had
law enforcement reach out
to me for the
past, say, 20 years
on missing person
cases, murders,
cold cases and whatnot.
And I got into that side of
things, even by accident.
So I had some private
detectives reach out
on a local case
to Massachusetts.
And they had me
go up to the area
where this girl
disappeared, Maura Murray.
So she hit a tree, and
then she just disappeared.
And so, they wouldn't say
anything, huge skeptics.
And we're driving for
hours up to New Hampshire,
and then I started to feel sick.
And that's when I
know spirit's near,
and I knew that she
had crossed over.
>>NOORY: Did you get sick all
the time when you feel spirits?
>>HANCOCK: If it was a
murder, I feel nauseous.
I feel sick.
And so, I had them pull over.
And then I said,
this is the area.
I don't want them
to say anything.
I become the victim
first, so I'm
looking out from their eyes.
And I'm reliving, and I
can see what's going on.
Then, I do remote viewing.
I come up and over an area.
And then I become one with
the energy of a perpetrator.
So that I'm looking
out from their eyes.
So I have the whole story.
But I will tell you,
working with FBI and police,
and teaching them
about intuition--
greatest joy.
And I have more luck
with missing folks
who are newly missing.
So you know how they say
the first 48 hours are key?
So, same for me in a
missing person cases.
That first week, I've had luck
helping the police find mostly
living teens that
are disappearing
or going missing a lot lately.
>>NOORY: Does the missing
person come to you,
or do you go to them
with this intuitiveness?
So I work with mapping.
In the old days, I would get
the cylinder, like on "The Brady
Bunch."
And I would open
up the map, and I
would wave my hands over and
feel, energetically, the spot.
>>NOORY: Like a pendulum would?
>>HANCOCK: Yes.
>>NOORY: That kind of thing.
So I would feel hot,
hot, hot, right?
And I'd X, and I'd say,
OK, this is where they are.
And sometimes, they would
find their body there.
If they were deceased,
they do come to me,
if I'm looking at photos
and I call them in.
But I have more luck
going to the area.
So if I go to an area--
>>NOORY: You feel it?
>>HANCOCK: I felt it.
So I had a missing gentleman
in his 50s in my area.
And so, I walked with
the police along a river.
And I said, he's in the river.
But he is about
10 miles up here.
And they did end up finding
him there, unfortunately.
But he was coming to me.
And if I look at a picture
and their eyes are just dull,
they're still alive.
If their eyes are
bright and it's
like they're talking to me--
>>NOORY: Wide open.
>>HANCOCK: Yes.
I can tell if they passed.
It's the eyes and the photo that
speak to me, and it's the soul.
>>NOORY: Do they ever
catch the killer?
>>HANCOCK: So if it's
a murder, sometimes.
So this one, in particular,
they haven't caught them.
But there's one in Quincy,
Massachusetts, where there
was a missing exchange student.
And I worked on that case.
And I said, I could
hear her saying to me,
it was the maintenance man.
So he is in jail.
And I said, you have
to remove the stucco,
that the DNA and some DNA
stuff was behind the wall.
And they did find it.
>>NOORY: Now, let me tell
you about John Lacrosse,
former police chief in the
small town in Rhode Island,
shares how you helped connect
with his deceased brother.
>> Hi.
My name is John Lacrosse.
I'm a retired Rhode Island
State trooper of 23 years
and then chief of
police in a small town
in Rhode Island for 17 years.
But I met Maureen Hancock
in September of 2006.
I'll never forget it.
I went to a holistic
mediumship class
because I was learning how
to become a Reiki master.
And Maureen started
doing readings
for people in this
class, and she read me.
Unbelievable.
I'm being a cop and a
detective for eight years.
She really hit home
all the key factors
of my brother, who had
died some 27 years ago.
And it was amazing to me,
being a detective and a police
officer, how she was so
accurate with this energy.
She trained me and told me
to believe in my intuition.
Not only that, I know
Maureen has worked
on many cases for law
enforcement, two or three,
when I was a chief
in Barrington,
and helped solve these cases--
missing persons and persons
unsolved murders.
So Maureen and I
became good friends.
And she taught me
a lot about energy
and connecting to spirit,
trusting my intuition.
And being a police officer,
you need good intuition.
And as a Reiki master,
trusting the energy,
connecting to the
client, and then
connecting to people that I saw
while giving these sessions.
And thinking as a
cop, it was weird,
but it was a great lesson.
And Maureen became
a very good friend
of mine and a good mentor.
And I'll never forget it.
And what I did,
back in 2006, was
I got a picture of my brother,
laminated it, and put it
over that police cruiser
visor, and talked to him daily
and got signs from him.
And I became a true believer
because of Maureen's gift.
>>NOORY: Why does the picture
seem to enhance your ability
to communicate?
>>HANCOCK: Well,
I feel like when
you look at a photo
of a past loved one
and going back to
looking in the eyes,
you can access the energy
of the soul, I feel.
And I love that
with John Lacrosse,
that he then used his intuition
for his cases in town.
And he works with the
Samaritans because his brother
passed by suicide.
And having that picture--
you don't always need a
picture, but that's psychometry.
>>NOORY: It helps.
>>HANCOCK: Yeah.
So you can hold the picture.
You can hold an item, a piece
of jewelry, maybe the clothing
because it still holds
energy of that loved one.
>>NOORY: Maureen, are all
law enforcement officers
behind what you do, or
are they on the fence?
>>HANCOCK: Oh, no.
So it's a little
bit probably 50/50,
but I do think a lot
are coming around.
So I speak at these
National FBI Conventions.
So there's about 500
guys with their arms
crossed and a few
women, and more now,
though, with the women.
And so, they don't
believe at first.
But when I go right to them
and I connect with their loved
ones, I can see them soften.
And if anything, I teach
them about we were all
born with the ability to
see, feel, hear, and sense,
not only our loved
ones, but our intuition.
>>NOORY: So some are
better than others.
>>HANCOCK: And some
are better than others.
And so, John Lacrosse is a
practicing almost medium now.
Because he has opened
up to the energy.
But I still have some, and
they'll say right to me,
I'm a skeptic.
I worked with a
local police chief.
And he's like, I don't
believe in what you do.
I said, you don't have
to, but my work is free.
And I will come in
and help you, and I
helped find a missing
teenager last year
in the woods in
Canton, Massachusetts.
>>NOORY: Tell us about the
case where you found a child
in a closet or something.
What was that?
>>HANCOCK: Oh, my goodness.
So there was a missing teenager
from Boston, Massachusetts,
about two years ago.
And so, I met with
the mom on Zoom
because it was around
the time of COVID.
And as soon as I connected
with the mother on Zoom,
her deceased loved
ones came through
and gave me the
information instead
of looking at the maps and
the pictures and whatnot.
And I said, she met
somebody on Snapchat.
I am seeing Seaver Street
in Roxbury, right outside
of Boston--
part of Boston.
And I said, there's a triple--
so in my mind's eye, I could
see a white triple decker.
She was on the third floor.
And I could see her in a
closet in the back room.
Even with my eyes
open, I can see this.
And she said, OK,
well, that sounds
like the house the
FBI just cleared.
But let me call them
and get back to you.
So she's like, yeah,
they cleared it.
I said, she's in there.
Tell them to go back.
Give them my name.
If you want, I'll talk to them.
Because, sometimes, I just go
through the family, not always
the police.
So they went back in, and
they found her in the closet
on the third floor.
She was about to
be trafficked out
of the country, had all the--
I have chills right now.
>>NOORY: You saved her life.
>> And I did, and I credit
her mother's grandmother.
>>NOORY: Do they keep in
touch with you afterwards?
>>HANCOCK: haven't with those
folks, but, normally, they do.
And I do keep in touch.
And some folks, like Wendy
that you saw and Nick's dad,
we are forever friends.
So I have so many, that I
stay in touch with them,
and then just teaching
them that they can have
a non-physical relationship.
We all can.
>>NOORY: How do you mix and
combine your comedic background
with what you do as
a psychic medium?
>>HANCOCK: Yeah, when
after my car accident,
nobody really believed me.
And my own Catholic mother
was like, I don't know.
I don't think you
should be doing that.
And we worked with some
priest friends of ours.
>>NOORY: Don't go
there, Maureen.
Don't go there.
>>HANCOCK: Don't go there.
But hey, gifts of
the Holy Spirit,
Corinthians 12:11, but whatever.
So getting back to
that using the comedy,
I was on stage as a
comedian in Boston,
working at Logan Airport,
litigation manager,
and then the accident happened.
So I found that when I--
because I get nervous, so I
use comedy when I'm nervous.
And I found that I could
see people's aura open up
with the comedy.
And folks say to me
now, I can't believe
I went into your show
Postcards from Heaven.
So sad.
And I left so happy--
>>NOORY: upbeat.
>>HANCOCK: --and
upbeat and hopeful.
So I use comedy to bring
hope to the masses.
>>NOORY: Are you the
female Don Rickles?
>>HANCOCK: I don't
know about Don Rickles.
But I might be a little bit
more like Amy Schumer mixed
with some dead people on--
maybe Don Rickles, yeah.
>>NOORY: Who comes
to your events?
>>HANCOCK: So I get a mix.
And when I first started,
mostly women, and mostly
women between, I
would say, 30 and 65.
And now, I have a
lot of young folks.
So we have from, say, 15
years old to 90 years old.
And I did an event last
week in Rhode Island--
750 people, half of them were
men because of the comedy.
>>NOORY: All age brackets?
>>HANCOCK: All age
brackets because I
feel there's such a shift
right now, that everybody's
opening up to the possibility.
And I think that the comedy
makes it more able to accept.
>>NOORY: Why are men
showing up so much?
What are they looking for?
>>HANCOCK: I think they're
looking for connection,
clarity--
>>NOORY: Peace of mind.
>>HANCOCK: --peace of mind.
And I used--
>>NOORY: Closure?
>>HANCOCK: Closure.
I used to stay away
from the skeptics
because they scared me,
and they'd be like, mm.
But now, I go right up.
>>NOORY: Embrace them.
>>HANCOCK: And now I feel like
I get so many messages after,
like I was such a skeptic.
And women, too.
And I feel, now, we're in such
a state that we need hope,
but I can't stress enough.
I say to people,
you are all mediums.
Raise your hand
if you get signs.
And then I say, raise your
hand if you feel nothing.
Half the room raised their hand.
Are you an overthinker?
Are you trying too hard?
Yes.
And then I teach them how
to be their own medium.
>>NOORY: What is Maureen
Hancock University?
>>HANCOCK: Oh, so I created
the Maureen Hancock Online
University to teach people.
>>NOORY: Online?
>>HANCOCK: Yes, so
they get about a year's
worth of short little lessons.
Because I don't know about you,
but I have the short attention
span, right?
I'm like a squirrel.
So there's 7 to 10 minute little
video clips, and everything
from chakras to auras, energy,
cold cases, psychometry,
meditation.
And then we meet once a month,
live, for an hour and a half,
with, I say, about
50 students online.
We meditate.
I answer questions.
And then I have them
practice reading people.
And I feel like they feel
safer behind a chat box,
or they're not put on the spot.
And so, the other
night, I had a class,
so many beginners, reading
people, connecting.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
>>HANCOCK: Yeah.
>>NOORY: I had a call once
on one of my local shows
in Saint Louis from
a guy who says,
George, I belong to a
chronic compulsive club.
We're very compulsive
about everything.
And I said, what do you do?
He said, we meet.
I said, oh, really?
How often?
He says, six times a day.
>>HANCOCK: That's amazing.
And I feel that,
throughout the day,
we're all getting messages.
We're all being guided,
and we're all just
like walking each other
home, whatever that means.
>>NOORY: Who's giving us
these messages, and why?
>>HANCOCK: Well,
we all have a team,
I believe, of our spirit guides
that we're assigned at birth.
And so we have--
I call it the three tiers.
So we have guardian angels.
We have spirit guides, and
we have loved ones in spirit.
So I feel that, also, we keep
coming back to this Earth
school to learn heavy
lessons, to forgive,
and to laugh with all
our might, and just try
to help each other out.
But who's guiding us mostly?
I feel that we have
one or two spirit loved
ones that are helping us.
And then, for me, I
always had this woman
with long, curly blonde hair,
and I had a Native American say
to me, a shaman, oh,
do you know that woman?
She's a guide for you.
>>NOORY: Interesting you gave
an impromptu reading to somebody
at a drive in, didn't you?
>>HANCOCK: Sometimes, at the
drive-through, I do tend to--
I don't do a reading,
but if it comes to me,
and I feel they need it,
I'll give the message.
>>NOORY: We've got it on tape.
>>HANCOCK: Medium next door,
Maureen Hancock, this is Abby.
And her great grandmother
just started to come through,
and then a younger male
came through and said
that he had an overdose.
It was her cousin, Seth?
>> Yes.
>>HANCOCK: Yes, and he was
just like, tell my mom I'm OK.
And I think he's
one of two, right?
>> Yeah.
>>HANCOCK: Does
he have a brother?
>> Yes.
Yes.
>>HANCOCK: He's trying
to help his brother.
His brother holds
everything in, and he's just
like mostly wants like-- and
his dad went his own way,
like it's too hard for him.
And he's, tell
them I loved them.
They did everything for me.
They never gave up on me.
Tell them not to feel guilty.
And he's just wicked--
just wicked cool.
His mother finds
heart-shaped rocks for him,
and she has a tattoo
in his writing.
Do you know that?
>> Oh, my god, yeah.
>>HANCOCK: She does?
>> Yeah, he does.
>>HANCOCK: Oh, my
god, this is crazy.
Crazy.
So how do you feel, Abby?
>> I feel-- it's just crazy how,
oh, my god, how accurate it is.
You know what I mean?
>>HANCOCK: And you're so open.
Hugs from heaven.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
>>HANCOCK: Did you love the
wicked, wicked Boston accent?
>>NOORY: I loved the wicked,
wicked Boston accent.
>>HANCOCK: And so,
this woman said to me,
I've always wanted to see you.
So I'll always gauge
because you never
know if it could be
triggering for somebody.
And I work with grief
counselors that help me out
in my retreats.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>HANCOCK: But that
was pretty amazing.
>>NOORY: How did these
intuitive things come to you?
>>HANCOCK: So I will get a lot
of clairaudient connections.
So for this woman,
I just looked up,
and I could see her a nephew
or a cousin or something
like that.
And then I'm hearing, I'm
feeling, or they'll tell me.
So he was like, OK,
I passed suddenly.
It was my own actions.
Tell everybody, I'm sorry.
So I'm hearing that.
And then, sometimes,
I'll feel on my body,
oh, this person had
a stomach illness
because my stomach will go,
bzzt, or I can't breathe.
Or I get a head pain,
like a glioblastoma.
>>NOORY: You get very into this.
>>HANCOCK: And then
I'll get more specific
because I also do medical
intuitive stuff as well.
>>NOORY: You're writing
a new book, I hear.
>>HANCOCK: I am.
So the working title is "What
to expect when expecting death."
If you've heard of what to
expect series for bringing life
into this world, I feel
like there isn't really
any gauge or a book or
some kind of a thing
to help people to go out.
So it's before,
during, and after, how
I work with families, the advice
I give through death and dying.
And then what's going to happen
after, setting up the signs,
and everything that we talked
about to help people not be
so fearful about death.
>>NOORY: I hear you're
getting help with this book.
>>HANCOCK: I'm getting help.
>>NOORY: From your mother.
>>HANCOCK: Yes, I am.
Wow, I thought you were just
connecting with my mother.
I'm like, is she
telling you that?
And we're all mediums.
So my mom, she helped me with my
first book when she was alive.
And now, she keeps guiding me.
And she is really nudging me.
I wrote the first book in two
months with her help, living,
and now she's helping me.
She gave me the
title, by the way--
what to expect.
I don't know if I'm
going to use that.
But we need some guidebook,
I think, to help people
and for families
to stick together.
Because there's
so many breakups.
>>NOORY: Well, the
Tibetans and the Egyptians
wrote their book of the dead
as a guide for the other side.
You're doing the same
thing for modern people.
>>HANCOCK: Modern, yes.
And I love that.
And wow, I was in Mexico
and visited by the Mayans.
I was told I couldn't
have children.
And one of the Mayans
came to me and said,
you need to go to Tulum and
sit on the fertility pole.
I had a baby.
I wasn't supposed to.
>>NOORY: Just like that.
>>HANCOCK: Two kids.
Yeah.
I mean, not right
there on the spot.
But, yes, definitely.
And so--
>>NOORY: This is not one
of your comic jokes, right?
>>HANCOCK: And this is for real.
>>NOORY: This is real.
>>HANCOCK: I put that
in the first book,
"The Medium Next Door."
And then the second
one will probably
be a little bit more serious.
But you're right,
it's the modern guide
to death, dying, the afterlife.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>>HANCOCK: Yeah.
>>NOORY: How do people find you?
>>HANCOCK: So people can
find me at my website,
maureenhancock.com, Instagram,
Medium Maureen Hancock.
On Facebook, it's the
Maureen Hancock Fan Page.
And I'm on TikTok,
Medium Maureen Hancock.
>>NOORY: Give me one
of your comic bits.
>>HANCOCK: Oftentimes,
when I'm doing readings,
I'll do from the movie "Ghost."
Morticia.
Orlando, is that you?
>>NOORY: That's Whoopi Goldberg.
>>HANCOCK: Damn, baby, what
did you do to your hair?
It's autumn sunrise.
Do you like it?
And just like with
Whoopi, who thought--
she was a skeptic.
She was really channeling.
>>NOORY: She was.
>>HANCOCK: So there you go.
>>NOORY: Thanks for
being on the program.
>>HANCOCK: Thank
you for having me.
This was such a joy.
>>NOORY: I'm in no rush to go
to the other side by any means.
But with people like Maureen
Hancock, I'm prepared,
and I understand.
And when that day
comes, I'll be ready.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]